Minor updates to index and faq (#117)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/faq.mdx

### Q: I'm getting a 500 response in the beginning of my endpoint deployment or when scaling is happening

> A: Confirm that you have a health route implemented in your app that returns a status code 200 when your application is ready to serve requests. Otherwise your app is considered ready as soon as the container has started, potentially resulting in 500s. You can configure the health route in the Container Configuration of your Endpoint. You can also add this header here: 'X-Scale-Up-Timeout: 600' which means that when the endpoint is scaling the proxy will hold requests until a replica is ready, or timeout after 600 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: Confirm that you have a health route implemented in your app that returns a status code 200 when your application is ready to serve requests. Otherwise your app is considered ready as soon as the container has started, potentially resulting in 500s. You can configure the health route in the Container Configuration of your Endpoint. 

You can also add the 'X-Scale-Up-Timeout' header to your requests. This means that when the endpoint is scaling the proxy will hold requests until a replica is ready, or timeout after the specified amount of seconds.
For example 'X-Scale-Up-Timeout: 600'
```
